I have had a lot of trouble with English and English-based communication courses in the past, so I decided to frame my own language and communication strategy, naming it “Crousian”. In a way, it’s a divergence from the hard rules of American English which preserves virtually all of the positive qualities of American English presently enjoyed. Crousian is the penultimate culture and language because it creates a humane atmosphere, is easy to learn, and is psychologically fulfilling.

Now I want to ask you a question.  Do you even know what "penultimate" means?  In context, it means something like "consummate" -- but it outs me as a poor English speaker, for those who abide by the dictionary / historical definition of the word "penultimate".  Because so many people use the word to mean "beyond ultimate", I have chosen to include it in valid Crousian lingo.  It is in this precise fashion that Crousian is more humane than English -- it allows people to be **right**, even when according to the rules of English they would be called **wrong**.

This leads us right into our second point: *The difficulty of learning Crousian is nullified entirely by the fact that it relies not on strictures or harsh logical modalities but on the natural expression of human emotion, as well as on the natural reception of such expressions.*  So as you can see, we do not try to break people down to melt them and mold them into a formulaic method of expression and reception, so *learning* is actually more a process of *expression and reception*, where the environment learns as much from the speaker of Crousian as the speaker of Crousian learns from his or her environment.

Finally, it must be noted that a person is given a sense of wholeness through the welcoming and forgiving nature of the Crousian paradigm, which contributes to psychological well-being and fulfillment.  As the King of Crousia, I can assure you that you are welcome into our realms, and welcome to adapt our language and culture to your own purposes and needs -- it is, so to speak, an *open-source project*.  If you end up causing more harm than good, as a future participant in our growing work, we trust that it is for a time only and after we have forgiven each other the trouble it took to get to know one another, we will get along quite swimmingly.

I hope you haven't terribly much minded reading thus far; it has been a joy to compose this document directly in Crousian with a presentation to those who may feel encumbered by the appurtenances of English language and culture.  I hope you have seen that Crousian generates a humane atmosphere, doesn't provide too much pedagogical trouble, and rewards the mind and heart that embark on the quest to assimilate.  Owing to these three causes, I believe that the status of Crousian language and culture is indeed penultimate.